Update Fastly/API Mesh documentation (#253)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/mesh/advanced/caching/fastly.md

Adding a content delivery network (CDN) for caching dynamic content with API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder provides additional security and improved performance. Follow these instructions to integrate API Mesh, Adobe Commerce, and [Fastly](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/cdn/fastly.html?lang=en) (provided with Adobe Commerce Pro accounts).

## Configure headers in API Mesh

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> After adding VCL snippets in the [Fastly Setup](#configure-fastly-in-adobe-commerce), your Commerce GraphQL URL is now in the following format : `<Commerce-URL>/api/<meshId>/graphql`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding VCL snippets in the [Fastly Setup](#configure-fastly-in-adobe-commerce), your Commerce GraphQL URL is now in the following format: `<Commerce-URL>/api/<meshId>/graphql`
```

## Configure Fastly in Adobe Commerce

> 
> ### Add VCL snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following sections describe how to configure Fastly in Adobe Commerce.

### Add VCL snippets
```

        }
        ```

In **Fastly Configuration** click **Upload VCL to Fastly**. Click **Save Config**.

### Configure default backend

> The default backend must not handle the "/api/" requests. To achieve, we are adding a condition to the existing backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default backend does not handle "/api/" requests. To allow API requests, add a condition to the existing backend:
```

> - In **Fastly Configuration > Backend Settings**, click on the wheel of the backend named **<project_id>.magento.cloud**.
> 
> - Here, click on "Create a new request condition" like :
> 
>      - **Name** - default_backend
>      - **Apply if...**:
> 
>         ```csharp
>         req.url !~ "^/api/"
>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Fastly Configuration > Backend Settings**, click on the gear icon next to **<project_id>.magento.cloud**.

1. Click **Create a new request condition** and add a condition like the following example:

     - **Name** - default_backend
     - **Apply if...**:

        ```csharp
        req.url !~ "^/api/"
        ```
```

> - Click on "Create" of the condition
> - Click on "Create" of the backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create** on the condition.
1. Click **Create** on the backend.
```
